# Data policy, from http://phenocam.sr.unh.edu/webcam/faq/

We make all of our imagery freely available (to registered users) for download by the community (http://phenocam.sr.unh.edu/webcam/network/download/). If you join the network and share your imagery with us, you are agreeing to this data policy.

Our fair use policy reads as follows:

Imagery from the PhenoCam archive is made publicly available to promote the continued development of algorithms for improved phenological monitoring using digital camera imagery. We encourage you to download imagery for use in your own research and publications. While considerable time and effort has gone into compiling and maintaining this data archive, we have no ownership over many of the images stored here, particularly those that were provided by cooperating federal agencies, e.g. the US National Park Service and USDA Forest Service. We do ask, however, that you send an email (arichardson@oeb.harvard.edu) to inform us on how you intend to use the data, and any publication plans you might have, so that we can minimize overlapping efforts. We would certainly welcome invitations to participate as collaborators on your project. However, if we are already working on a topic similar to what you have in mind, we would ask that you give us a reasonable chance to finish our manuscript and submit it for publication first. Finally, please recognize the data source as a citation or in your acknowledgments, and cite the relevant papers we have already published on the topic (e.g., Richardson et al. 2007, 2009; Morisette et al. 2009, Jacobs et al. 2009, Sonnentag et al. 2012).
